get used to coming up against your old
son I'm starting to I've come up against
them three times now this will be the
fourth side I'm getting used to it still
like Wellington was so special for me so
it's for me it's nice to come and play
against like old friends you always want
to perform extra you know extra well
yeah just like every game I mean yeah I
want to perform probably a little bit
better against my teammates but it's
just like another normal game we're in
there for the three points it's an
interesting one for you because not only
do you play against your old team that
you play against the national coach and
you play against a lot of your teammates
from the national duty don't you yeah we
do like I said I've already played
against some three Thunder so I'm used
to it no it's not
I don't think Ricky's pretty good with
keeping the national team separate from
the club stuff so I don't think there be
anything any problem there what do you
think the Phoenix in fun decision yeah
that don't know that they always do
they're a good team and they've been
together for a long time I love them so
they know each other in and out and you
can see that on the pitch they work out
for each other and and they don't work
against them it ended pretty badly for
you any hard feelings I didn't do it on
purpose
no hard feelings for the head that's
football that happens actually it just
doesn't happen again this though the
only game the games don't come in it
easier do they because the moments of
foods are going to be a tough game isn't
it it is more the games a tough as you
can see by the league there's only like
six points that separates the top from
bottom and it's only the start of the
season server and still still playing
good it'll be a tough game but we're
looking forward to it we're hoping to
get back on track with another three
points you're playing really well in the
role the Rangers are asking you to play
how are you finding it I guess how do
you think the team is finding the style
of play that he wants you
to play um for me it's perfect I mean
it's all along the ground football base
I'm very happy I'm playing on the edge
yeah look my phone's been ok I could I
could have done a lot better and I'm
going to keep improving to do a lot
better our football is getting better as
well we played playing well and patches
against Newcastle and we'll keep keep
improving on there and like I said we
play we favor good brand the football so
everyone's enjoying it and as you can
see it's a lot better than what it was
last year it hasn't clicked so I only
have one win from for what what isn't
working probably well last week was the
finishing like some of the stuff that I
did and and that wasn't wasn't good
enough we probably could have put the
game away a lot earlier work or we could
have scored a few in the first half at
least and they would have helped us out
a bit oh I just I just think a few more
games then it'll it'll probably click by
as I said it's getting a lot better
we're playing I think some good football
and it can only get better from here
yeah disappointed me to use a couple of
chances yeah very disappointed on I
should be doing better with that but we
were practicing out here and I'll make
sure that if I get in that position
again I won't make the same mistake it
seemed good luck in in the camp this
week after another defeat no it's fine
because we're gradually playing better
and we're getting better we're happy
wherever we are we're disappointed to be
on the bottom of the league and not
winning games but we believe that
that'll come and hopefully it'll come
this weekend that's it look for you I
mean you appear very settled under ranch
I mean a head you do feel a lot more
settled last you
Oh like I said the football that we're
playing suits me down to the ground so
like I said when you're happy you always
you're always playing better and it's
we're just like I said we're playing
good football and because of the
football that my teammates are doing it
allows me to get in a lot of space and
that's probably why I'm doing a bit
better do you think at some point it's
just gonna all click and then then
you'll be swayed yeah
I'm sure it'll it'll click and hopefully
it's this weekend against the Phoenix
mother not football do you enjoy that
it's it's yeah I don't think I do we
found a Monday night last year with it
so maybe it's not so new Irish of the
memory ha
it'll be it'll be different but I'll
prepare for like in the other game
hopefully we get get a few people there
and get a bit of atmosphere going and
get the three points yeah the extra few
days break I'm sure that that will help
the that the side of recovery from from
lastly yeah it always helps having the
extra few days but you could probably
ask most of the players they prefer
playing games so we can't wait for the
game to come around then we'll be
refreshed and ready to go how long did
it take to recover and did you get any
text messages or anything from the boys
when they realized you're seriously hurt
yeah I got a lot of Facebook messages
and everything from them so so that was
nice I took maybe only like five weeks
to fully heal it was a there's a bit of
a packing in the first few weeks but
they got better and like I said it's
probably had enough any moment of anga
wait
when when you got the the injury I
wasn't even there hours for a bit I
couldn't be angry I saw it a few times
after and there's a bit didn't look the
best for like I said that's football
that happens sometimes and I just got to
get on with it
you must get a little bit of street cred
getting a broken jaw eye socket game I
hope so I mean I'm not the biggest guy
if I can go insane uh you should see the
other guy
you